Status Report:
Accomplished:
	So far, most of our accomplishments have been design-focused, working on 
	understanding how our project will fit together and how the various parts
	will interact. We have begun to create a scaffolding of the game, and have 
	a much stronger grasp of the moving parts and various aspects our game will
	need. The following items are the major accomplishments thus far:
	-Learned Phaser.io 
	-Delegated responsibilities 
		-specifically outlined tasks
		-set deadlines for completing next phases
	-Thought through implementation of translating blocks into game-state changes
	-Created a maze
	-Rendered jumbo 

Challenges:
	The largest challenge has been moving from concepts to executable ideas. 
	First, we spent significant time solidifying our conceptual vision, and 
	then walked through that and created an entire document of bulleted action 
	items. We then categorized these, and delegated a category to each team 
	member. This will continue to be a challenge moving forward, as we run into 
	more specifics that we will need in order to implement our vision. Another 
	challenge we ran into is understanding how to incorporate Google’s mail 
	and login API’s into our game. 

Goals:
	Since we divided up the tasks to be completed between team members, each 
	team member has a different goal to accomplish by the end of Thanksgiving 
	Break in their area of the game. Katie will work on the game homepage, and
	create an html page that renders a phaser window for the gameplay and has 
	the appropriate buttons, that may not be functional yet, except for the 
	login/signup button, which will open a new page where the login will 
	eventually be. In addition, Katie will look into the Google API for login
	as well as the Gmail API and begin thinking about how that will fit into 
	the game. 
	Claudia will be working on the action blocks, creating the action block 
	objects themselves and their functionality (click and drag, fitting them
	together in an action block list). In addition, blocks will be able to be 
	translated into an array of command which can then be translated to commands
	that allow jumbo to move in the maze. 
	Jenny will be working on designing mazes, both with and without obstacles, 
	and rendering those mazes in a phaser.io game window. In addition, animation
	implementations will be solved including having jumbo recognize collisions
	with objects, maze walls and the finish etc. 
	
#Comments by Ming
* Keep up the good work.  Definitely focus more on the actual game.  Phaser is a lot of fun at times.
